I already spoke about my work this week in length in the podcast I made, so I will move on to the next portion of the reflection.

The paragraph given to reflect on is a really great way of putting digital history work. And reading Moravec's piece reinforces that. She began with a question, or more accurately, a point she was trying to argue, and began working towards that. Moravec goes back and forth collecting data and analyzing data multiple times, stating that she ended up with over 400 pieces of text for analyzation. And, like stated in the paragraph for reflection, no answer to this mass of data yet. We can see the cycle going on and on as Moravec presents more and more graphs and other visualizations of datasets she created with the huge pile of data she collected. The graphs eventually lead her into a theme of 'the past', which allows her to narrow down one of the exact arguments she wants to make.

This teaches me a lot about digital history work. Something I will need to keep in mind when conducting it myself is that the research results that are created are meant to guide you into finding an argument or answer. You cannot simply come up with one and expect all of your findings to support your claim. I think it is right to refer to digital history work as an exploration. Because you are not findings sources to reinforce your claim or your argument like in traditional essay style, you are exploring piles and piles of data, analyzing it, and seeing what it tells you. This was midly along the lines of what I thought was possible to do with the mini project for this week. I thought that it would be interesting to grab some further sources regarding my topic, and seeing what these datasets would tell me about the area and time that I was studying. What was wrong about this was that I already had clear assumptions for what I would get from these datasets.
